hello welcome back to my channel
as you will have seen in my video of
favorites of the month of July I present to you
a new tool for makeup
what is the makeup on the airbrush in
spray so today I 'm going to teach you
how to do it is makeup with
airbrush a tool that for me is
essential to make makeup
especially if you're going to work doing
makeup to other people to
bridal makeup or makeup
photo sessions this machine is
impressive is very clean and prevents
you have to be cleaning brushes all
while you have no direct contact with
the skin of the person you 're going to
make up makeup is very
uniform all over the face and has a
very natural aspect an aspect that does not
you're going to get with brushes or with
fingers with sponges
for this tutorial I will use the
ultimate skin secrets starter kit
see your studio you can see the video of
my favorites here where it was taught
all the things that come with the kit
besides some discount codes that
I will also leave here down
if you want to buy them the airbrush is worth
so nothing, let's start
Well now, let's start
use a primer and we're going to take
all over the face
or I have little left
this is the benefit professional
and now we are going to start the part
of the spray as you see I have here the
apparatus the airbrush spray as I do not know
exactly what is it called
So the first thing we're going to do is
take the airbrush
and we are going to take the makeup base
remember what
you have to shake
and I'm going to see I'm going to mix two
makeup foundations this is sahara sand
de vélez your study of the sahara salt and
sweet honey and we're going to mix here
they say you have to take about six drops
so I'm going to take three and three but
when I go to the end I always have to
throw more because I still do not control it
a lot and I'm running out soon
Well, we are going to start
apply the makeup base with
our airbrush and for this we have
to leave it at a distance of about 10
centimeters with our face more or less
from this distance that you see here
and always in circular movements
following the direction of the needles of
clock
Well we have the makeup
little things in here and we're going to light
the airbrush once the airbrush is
once it is in operation we have
that squeeze this trigger that has to
you have here that you see it and we have it
put in the middle position of what of
what you see for the average position that
it's for make - up bases so
let's start
that's how it sounds
Y
closer
I've thrown something good so
when it's over it's going to be a little noise
I think you achieved now
like this
this means throw me a few drops
favor
so nothing, let's take a little
over makeup base
and we go there
in the neck important
and it 's out now what to do is let that
dry it dries super fast so
well now from facebook I do not know if the
color is good or not good how
will be but within five minutes or
chairs will appear the color that you
is going to stay in the face this
specifically
Well, you've already learned
a little how makeup is used in
airbrush as I learn to
do more things like the rouge the
outline and so on I'll be doing
more videos for now I'm a little
new to this so nothing just wanted
make an introduction so that you see is
Well, how did makeup work
sun and the result
for this I will use
wearing the finger needle
well then to apply makeup on
we have to always do the sun
about 10 centimeters from the face plus or
less
I have left everything because